
Hi, students how are you? We know why you are in here. The students of Dinajpur education board are waiting for results 2017. Which result they are waiting for? On this article you have to know which result belongs to Dinajpur education board board for Students. Lots of students are waiting for Dinajpur education board result 2017. Before you know Dinajpur education board result you have to know how many boards in Bangladesh. Do you know that’s? Maybe your answers like yes or no. Its ok, if you don’t know how many education boards in Bangladesh. We have eight general education boards in Bangladesh and two others board in Bangladesh. And Dinajpur education board is one of them. More than 11 Lakhs students are appearing examination under Dinajpur education board. These all students are not attending in one examination. They participate four or five times examination in different time in different examination. 
Ok we are going to know the examination name which held under Dinajpur education board. In first of the year 2017 Dinajpur education board students attend SSC examination. Those students are reading class 10 in School under Dinajpur and pass the text examination. Secondary School Certificate is the biggest public examination in Bangladesh. But now it’s number three. This is the first public examination of 2017. And these SSC examination results will publish in May 2017. Higher Secondary Certificate is the second big public examination in BD. But now it is number four. HSC is the short name of Higher Secondary Certificate. So many students attend this higher public examination. Students are going to appear HSC examination in April. And they finished their HSC examination in May. HSC result 2017 will be publishes in August of the year. So Students still wait for their HSC Results till it published. 
The month of November is the time for busy all of us. Because this time Dinajpur education board is so busy for PSC and JSC students. Primary School Certificate and Junior School Certificate is the full name of PSC & JSC. Now PSC examination is the biggest public exam in Bangladesh. Every year more than 3/4 Lakhs students attend PSC examination who reads in class five under Dinajpur education board. And JSC is the second big public examination in Bangladesh. That student who reads in class eight they attend this JSC examination. And those examination results publish in a same date and time. In the month of December last week PSC result 2017 and JSC result 2017 will publish. Dinajpur education board also maintains HSC admission 2017 for SSC pass students. So get more information about all education board Bangladesh from www.alleducationboard.com. 

